Just made the transition and here’s my POV on the first ~2 month of usePros- Battery Life is awesome, easily get about a day plus on this, so no Compliants- Screen fluidity is smooooooth! Understandable as I’m transitioning into an OLED from LCD in XR. The panel gets a solid peak brightness quotient so happy here- Screen brightness is good as compared to XR, 2200 nits, but I hardly go beyond 30% brightness to save some juice. Whilst outside I did crank it up and it’s spotless- Dynamic Island is fun, yet to use it to the fullest. Like the way it shows the ETA on delivery and Uber. Simple solution instead of you having to get into the app to check on the ETA- Weight, this phone is soo bloody light!! Understandable as XR was a brick, this is soo welcome- Camera is awesome, love the 48MP intervention, the portrait mode and cinematic mode does the job for me.- The Apple eco system, I enjoy seamless integration of my Watch, Mac, IPad Air and IPhone- Apples approach on Security!- Transferring data from my XR to 15 using the built in app is flawlessCons- The phone was over heating , there is a solution to this from Apple = back up the phone and then erase and reset the phone… including your eSIM settings.. once done set up the phone with the back up….. works like a charm- I still believe Apple should have thrown in a charging brick with such purchasesIndustry memes- USB C : honestly don’t give a jack for the reviews out there on this. It’s just a mode of charging for me and that’s it. I’m not going to be transferring any data so yea, 2.0 speed yadadada - thank you so much- Blue is not blue but white! Think people whining about this should go back to 13/14 or those ludicrous blues in Androids!! These are pestle shades people!!- Buying an Apple product to show off!! I mean, you even serious? You buy a product and then comment on why you should not buy one?- 60hz refresh rate for a 80k phone : save your jokes people, there are many of us who appreciate quality and security than how the screen refreshes. For non gamers like me, panel that is here is apt. I’ve seen a ton of folks buying 120hz phones and using it only to make calls, watch some videos and for textingTips of managing battery health- Switch off background app refresh for apps you don’t need back ground refresh- Avoid wireless charging as this heats your devise up- I charge my phone only using a power bank  not direct wired or wireless charging- Don’t let the battery go below 20%, keep it always between 95% and 20%- Switch off location services and allow only certain app that needs your location service- Switch on Charging Optimisation under the battery section- I don’t use vibrate mode for rings/incoming calls etc- My XR after 5 years of use has 86% battery health so I guess I know what I’m recommending aboveVendor Experience : Appario Retail Private Limited. 5/5, been a regular customer and they have never disappointed me even once. The purchase experience is breezy and quick, thanks team for the support and look forward to the collaboration in the future.….. watch out for this space. Will keep updating in case of significant change in experience
DesignOne of the most noticeable changes to the iPhone 15 is its new design. The phone now has rounded edges, which makes it feel more comfortable in the hand. It also has a new camera bump that is less pronounced than the one on the iPhone 14. DisplayThe iPhone 15 has the same 6.1-inch Super Retina XDR display as the iPhone 14. However, the new display is brighter and has better contrast. It also supports HDR10 and Dolby Vision.PerformanceThe iPhone 15 is powered by the new A16 Bionic chip, which is the fastest mobile chip on the market. The A16 Bionic chip is up to 20% faster than the A15 Bionic chip in the iPhone 14.CameraThe iPhone 15 has a new 48-megapixel main camera. The new camera sensor is larger than the one in the iPhone 14, and it has better low-light performance. The iPhone 15 also has a new 12-megapixel ultrawide camera and a new 12-megapixel telephoto camera.Battery lifeThe iPhone 15 has the same battery life as the iPhone 14. This means that you can expect to get around a day of use on a single charge.  Overall  The iPhone 15 is a solid upgrade over the iPhone 14.ProsNew design with rounded edgesMore powerful A16 Bionic chip found in 14 proNew 48-megapixel main cameraBrighter display with upto 2000 nits brightnessUSB C can be used for anythingDynamic IslandCons No 120hz display No Macro photography
Good product
Delivery was satisfactorilyProduct was good and safe
At starting am hesitating to buy this much costly phone as I am android user and mostly I used android phones below 20k so am not able to take decision to buy or not but I purchased and now am very happy and not getting feeling like why I spend almost 80k for a phone because am enjoying ui interface and many iPhone functions and feel I didn’t purchase this brand for show off actually am big fan of Steve jobs and I like apple products so overall experience about this phone is awesome and am not getting any regret feeling camera is very good , battery backup also good ,user interface is awesome
Great performance
Amazing phone, great touch sensitivity
Sound quality is very good. Performance is good and transfer of data from my old iPhone happened very fast. Software update was completed immediately after starting the phone . Only problem is that the charging cable is different and it doesn’t fit into USB port, so one must have an adapter or order one along with the iPhone.
Delivered on same day. Indian version. SBI promo did not work as mentioned. So opted for icici emi on amazon pay card. Nothing to say about iphone. There are plenty of reviews on that.
4* because there’s always room for improvement. For a phone that pricey, I expected it'll dance and come into my lap for unboxing
Overall good
This phone iphone 15 have not finger sensor
I've switched from iPhone 13 to 15 and this transition definitely feels worthwhile. Got this for 66,000 using my SBI credit card + ongoing offers on Amazon.The delivery was secure and the packaging was impenetrable. The device interface is user friendly and the camera......well it's iPhone so you already know.
All good but have little heating problem.
Experiencing first time 😍😍😍 Everything is amazing
Fell to the peer pressure of my grown-up child.....
This was my first iPhone using experience.iPhone is better the android .Only draw back is it drain battery fast.
Best iPhone in this price
Excellent phone
Am a iPhone fan so no complaints….
happy with product
Nice mobile. Performance is awesome but pricey.
Light weight,But battery is better working in 13
I love everything like color, touch, back side quality, camera, ultra fast process, etc., and what not?As always Apple rocks
Camper quality goods
Nice Buy
Awesome
Got a very good deal and the model and variant is very Good.Thank you Amazon
Really loved the iPhone 15 :)
iPhone 15 is faster and better looking than iPhone 12 .
Overall very good product, specially long lasting battery, image & video quality, display quality are very clear.
Thank u amazone.
We are paying huge amount to buy iPhone but they are not coming up with innovative solutions control device heating, device heats up massively, sometimes I feels holding a nuclear plant in hand,
Ph acha h but 60 hz k refresh rate bahut slow feel krata h camra quality thik h but real h to jaisa real face h vese pic aayegi baaki slow charging h to isme bhi tym lgta h baaki sab theek h itna mhnge ph m ye sab kamiya jarur khalengi
Good quality of photos and videos. Quality  of voice calling is good battery backup is good for normal phone user time over all my first this is my first I phone
Beautiful❤ pictures
Heating issues
Got it with a good offer on Amazon. I like the phone. Has a battery that lasts a day and photos are good.
everything is good but the seller did not keep his promise of Rs 5000 cash back
Overall it's okay except the heating issue. Device got automatically heated up after watching a video at high quality.I hope apple will fix it in upcoming updates.
For daily use
Go for it guys , after 3 months of usage still I feel it
Excellent product. The main concern is while charging the mobile is going too hot. If you touch the mobile whole body is too heating.
Nice phone.
Ok
Excellent performance where is my invoice and other formalities? Warranty is also not available .
All over Average
camera quality
I had an interesting experience with the new model. The corners are noticeably curvier compared to the previous version, making the device sleeker. Unfortunately, the phone slipped out of my pant pocket while I was in an auto, and I only noticed after returning home. I quickly grabbed my iPad, locked my device, and used the ‘Find My’ app to track down my phone. Thankfully, it ended up in the hands of someone who wasn’t very tech-savvy and couldn’t figure out how to turn it off using the key combination. This allowed me to successfully locate and retrieve my device. Overall, it was quite an adventure. Now I slapped a rubber case on it and it’s not going anywhere.
Everything’s ok ..
Worth !Camera and Decent Battery
Everything is better than my iPhone 12 except cell reception which is way worse here
Awesome Product. Value for money.
Like all other iPhones with few new features.
There are some jitters and lags also have heating issue
Wonderful product with good features. Worth to buy.
Good-Battery is really goodPerformance is very goodAnd generally all okBad-Heating issue while charging. It heats up like anything, it will eventually affect battery health in long term. A big downside.
Hi… I ordered new IPhone and received it yesterday… heating a lot ..while transferring files from old phone
Very good battery, very good camera, sound quality is also good. Overall performance is excellent.
1. Good display -• Peak brightness is good and good visibility even in broad day light.• Clarity of the picture is good.2. Excellent camera update -• Portrait mode pictures are great.• Resolution of the picture has improved and can see more details.3. Dynamic island -• As a first time experience, it is exiting to see a separated put notch hanging and videos playing around it. Gotta see its uses in long run.4. USB - C• Gives us option to use other android chargers when needed. Great relief for apple users. Don’t have to be extra careful while packing :-P5. Colour - i bought it for my wife and pink colour was perfect.Note: This review is considering my previous phone was iphone 12.
Everyone know about pros , let's only talk about consBattery : worst than I expect . Many says it is iOS 17 behind poor battery life . Hardly 3-4 he if you travelling and your network changes frequently .. worst than my android devices .Performance : no doubt in performance , it's the best in the industry ,Camera : undoubtably very good in camera dipartment but I hardly take photos 😁iOS : verry smooth and many good things are missing . Call recording , call pick up haptic , smart dial and many more little but verry important feature ..Many youtuber says there is no such use of dynamic island but listen to me it is verry usefull and looking cool tooPrice : obviously it's not value for money but it's far better than 13 and 14 launch price which is same . Although this time iPhone 15 far better than 15 pro
The iPhone 15 is a solid upgrade with improvements across the board. The design is sleek, the display is gorgeous, and the performance is top-notch. The camera takes stunning photos, and iOS 17 offers some exciting new features. While there are a few minor shortcomings, the overall experience is undeniably impressive.
Excellent phone
Working excellent
Heats too much that too with normal use
Good
The display is impressively bright, despite the 60 Hz, which I thought might be a drawback coming from a 120 Hz Android device. Surprisingly, it feels the same. The battery life is solid, providing around 1.5 days for mild phone users. As a developer, with light usage for content consumption and social media, I get around 8 hours of screen on time with 25-30% battery left. It charges quickly to 50% and then trickle charges to 100%, adapting to usage patterns for faster charging. Initially, there were some battery drain and heating issues, but they resolved as the phone learned my usage patterns.Now, the camera is impressive, especially in low light conditions. Despite lacking a dedicated long exposure mode, the default night option, averaging around 3 seconds, captures details even in the dark. Compared to the iPhone 14 and S21FE, the camera quality is top-notch. The auto portrait detection is a standout feature. Believe me no one explain the real use of that auto portrait theoretically until you try it.In terms of network, the dual 5G standby supports Vi and JIO 5G (eSim). Inside my house, I get around 500 Mbps, and outside easily surpass 1 Gbps. Call quality is excellent, with two introduced modes in the mic option available in the control center.This is my personal opinion; I'll update if I find anything noteworthy.
I was using iPhone 13 and switching to 15 was a good choice I guess! The phone have  better camera than 13 as the lens are bigger with more megapixels also the Dynamic Island makes it more fun and engaging and the gaming experience is pretty smooth and amazing as it’s having iPhone 14 Pro Max chipset.
It is literally just a phone with an Apple logo on it. My sister forced me to buy this otherwise I would have bought poco 😂

Very smooth and fast performance,super camera, but heating while charging and using outside, finishing is very premium
A1 product
If you don’t like using big sized phone , go for it. One day battery life for above average use. Camera is good. Video is excellent, call reception is excellent, screen is really smooth ( if u have never used 120hz). Gaming is smooth although I won’t recommend for long and heavy gaming as it would drain the battery. Charging is quick. If you use 20WT APPLE power adapter then you would notice heat while charging. Then goes back normal after getting charged above 70%. In hand feel of the phone is really good. Base model itself feels more premium like pro models. Type c is really a good addition as it creates more functionality. Screen is really bright and visible even under direct sunlight. This is by far the best upgrade of base model iPhone in years. GO FOR IT!
Excellent product
I’m glad I’m back to using iPhone again.
The media could not be loaded.
                



Good
Go for this without a doubt instead of the 14 pro or previous ones. The camera is really the better one than all the previous versions. If you’re willing to give up on Always On Display, High Refresh Rates (iOS is optimised and you won’t feel any difference if you’ve never used a phone with high refresh rates.) and a Macro Lens then this is the one. The feel in hand is also amazing, you wouldn’t know unless you’ve held one. Type c is also a game-changer than all the previous versions.
Awesome phone with awesome features. Specifically in love with photo and video quality of camera.Battery back up is decent so far used. Let’s see how many years battery lasts with optimal performance.User interface is far better than previous models.Value for money.
There are pros and cons to this model, but i am satisfied.

Best iphone in cheap price
camera mind blowing
Phone is overall a beast specially in terms of battery and camera it has improved a lot, display is also brighter compared to the old ones, a little upgrade in processor too and dynamic island is an add on to it which looks cool and will give you feel of a pro.There is nothing much difference between 60 and 120 hrtz considering the price because 60 hrtz of an iphone is much smoother than a android one.Im using this device from few days and only problem im facing that this phone is heating specially when you are updating to new ios so dont worry it happens when you update to newer ios.im Using 20 watt charger and its performing very well to my phone with little warm feeling which is normal due to fast charging.Dont think too much about battery health because you have spend a lot for this tech so use it without anxiety to its highest capacity.
I am from Android background. Comparatively , Build quality is good, Camera are superb. Speed is good. Security is designed well..  So far things are working fine for me. Android phones are well cheap, I am still to see those extra edges for double price I payed. Hope, I will.
Phone is good. But Charging cable became faulty in few days only. Hope it will be replaced

It was a pleasure to walk around. The camera is also good.
Dianamic island makes this phone special than Iphone 14. price is same as 14 but this island make us feel like pro.Battery life is also good, we can use mobile up to 48 hrs in single charge.
The media could not be loaded.
                



Superb 👌
The device has heating issues has not much to offer when compared to its predecessors.It's just ornamental upgrade
Ordered iphone today. Loved the Amazon service. The model number started with an M and battery capacity was at 100%. Loved the color
The temperature of the phone is getting higher after using it for mire than 15-20 mints. But the heat is not 'out of expectation' level. Good phone.
When I preordered to Amazon I will not sure about how my product get to me in what condition but Amazon did great work and if you have a budget of 80k then you should go for iPhone I will recommend you to purchase it without a blink because You will not get this type of iPhone specification in other iPhone but tbh I will say 60hz hurts to me because in this price you will get 144hz type display but iPhone is lit and the camera quality this time in non pro model is excellent compare to the past year I phone and the chipset A16 bionic is 💥💥 and I am not a gamer but I will say because I will play 2 or 3 games of BGMI in this phone and fps gyroscope handling and battery consumption is excellent and game not render in hot spot place also so if you think buy iPhone go for this
Looking show good
Like
Product is worth and as expected delivered within one day. Good packing also
A decent premium smartphone, could've been a banger but cuts few of the most important things, hence lacking it's full potential.
Nice
After using for two days, here's what I found out. First, Android is way better when it comes to selfies. I'm literally looking for Xiaomi 13 pro to drop and I'll just jump for it. Iphone 15 is good when it comes to back camera, which is just unparalleled, with it's spectacular details and original color retention. However, the selfie camera is much worse, it catches all the blemishes on your face and makes you look uglier. Sound quality is superb, without a doubt. Scrolling through the phone is a bit slow compared to other phones, because of the 60hz, but it's still bearable. Voice calling sound is good and clear. USB c is a good thing which at least allowed me to charge on a different charger because I didn't have Apple charger right away. The height of Iphone 15 and plus is funny because they have almost all the same thing just height is bigger for plus. Also, I paid 3k more on this platform because the next day the price dropped on Amazon. At the end of the day, iphone is good, but Android always wins, no matter what.
Every thing is good camera display software all is good
